I changed my proposal completely since last class. My original proposal was to create a collage of different races and ages speaking a different language than you would expect that race to speak. This would make an argument to encourage others to learn another language as it increases culture awareness and brings people closer. I changed my proposal to making a collage that clashes my world with my mom’s. When my mom was my age- 21 she was getting married and my life at age 21 is completely different. I do what every typical college student does- spend days at the library or Starbucks and then weekends going out. I have images of my mom's early 20s and I wanted to place them in my daily life. In this preview all I have done so far is crop my mom's picture out and place it in a bar background. This is only temporary. I plan on having my friend take a picture of me at a bar with my friends around me in the same pose. I will then crop myself out and insert my mom's picture. Everything in the background, my friends, the bar everything will be my life but this is to imagine how my mom would be in this generation. I want to show how much has changed within a generation. I plan to use a lot of effects in GIMP to make the picture of my mom not look photoshopped into this scene. 
However, I am a little concerned with his proposal because I don’t know if I should add text and if do what would it be and where? I also don’t know what else to do besides adding the picture of my mom in place of me and how to make this idea more interesting? 
